Cobra/init (#2)
containeroo/certinfo: README.md

# certinfo

> Get information about a certificate from one or more hostnames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get informations about the certificate from one or more hosts.
```

> If the Flag `--threshold`|`-t` `N` is set and the certifcate expires in the next `N`-days,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the flag `--threshold`|`-t` `N` is set and the certificate expires in the next `N`-days,
```

> certinfo will return the exitcode 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certinfo will return the exit code 1.
```

> If the Flag `--output`|`-o` is set to `json`, certinfo will write all information about the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the flag `--output`|`-o` is set to `json`, certinfo will write all information about the
```
